Well, the election, it came out really well. Next time we will triple the number or quadruple it. We want to get it over 51, right? At least 51.

Well this is Black History Month, so this is our little breakfast, our little get-together. Hi Lynn, how are you? Just a few notes. During this month, we honor the tremendous history of African-Americans throughout our country. Throughout the world, if you really think about it, right? And their story is one of unimaginable sacrifice, hard work, and faith in America. I have gotten a real glimpse—during the campaign, I would go around with Ben to a lot of different places I was not so familiar with. They are incredible people. And I want to thank Ben Carson, who is gonna be heading up HUD. That is a big job. That is a job that is not only housing, but it is mind and spirit. Right, Ben? And you understand, nobody is gonna be better than Ben.

Last month, we celebrated the life of Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr., whose incredible example is unique in American history. You read all about Dr. Martin Luther King a week ago when somebody said I took the statue out of my office. It turned out that that was fake news. Fake news. The statue is cherished, it is one of the favorite things in the—and we have some good ones. We have Lincoln, and we have Jefferson, and we have Dr. Martin Luther King. But they said the statue, the bust of Martin Luther King, was taken out of the office. And it was never even touched. So I think it was a disgrace, but that is the way the press is. Very unfortunate.

I am very proud now that we have a museum on the National Mall where people can learn about Reverend King, so many other things. Frederick Douglass is an example of somebody who has done an amazing job and is being recognized more and more, I noticed. Harriet Tubman, Rosa Parks, and millions more black Americans who made America what it is today. Big impact.

I am proud to honor this heritage and will be honoring it more and more. The folks at the table in almost all cases have been great friends and supporters. Darrell—I met Darrell when he was defending me on television. And the people that were on the other side of the argument did not have a chance, right? And Paris has done an amazing job in a very hostile CNN community. He is all by himself. You will have seven people, and Paris. And I will take Paris over the seven. But I do not watch CNN, so I do not get to see you as much as I used to. I do not like watching fake news. But Fox has treated me very nice. Wherever Fox is, thank you.

We are gonna need better schools and we need them soon. We need more jobs, we need better wages, a lot better wages. We are gonna work very hard on the inner city. Ben is gonna be doing that, big league. That is one of the big things that you are gonna be looking at. We need safer communities and we are going to do that with law enforcement. We are gonna make it safe. We are gonna make it much better than it is right now. Right now it is terrible, and I saw you talking about it the other night, Paris, on something else that was really—you did a fantastic job the other night on a very unrelated show.

I am ready to do my part, and I will say this: We are gonna work together. This is a great group, this is a group that is been so special to me. You really helped me a lot. If you remember I was not going to do well with the African-American community, and after they heard me speaking and talking about the inner city and lots of other things, we ended up getting and I would not go into details but we ended up getting substantially more than other candidates who had run in the past years. And now we are gonna take that to new levels. I want to thank my television star over here—Omarosa actually a very nice person, nobody knows that. I do not want to destroy her reputation but she is a very good person, and she is been helpful right from the beginning of the campaign, and I appreciate it. I really do. Very special.

So I want to thank everybody for being here.